the_siren_sub-01.txt
So, this story is about a person called Nico and she goes to the water plants and hears sirens and a weird person enters. And then there is her friend Iris and she goes to her friend Iris. And Iris says, oh, there is a weird person that enters this plant. And she's like, no kidding. And then Nico and Iris go to the water plant to observe it and they see at 3.59 a tall figure in front of the thing and then the tall figure goes into the water plant and they hear sirens blasting. And then they get their new friend, another friend, in. And so the other friend was skeptical at first, but then the friend, then they brought the friend there and the friend saw the sirens and also was like, this is insane. So Nico then said, let's go in. And everybody was like, what? And then Nico was like, investigate. So on Monday they observe, on Tuesday they observe, on Wednesday they went in. So they go in and they see a report. They see where like they see a man in a fish tank and they see a report like allergic to fishes or something like that, to peaches. And the man in the fish tank opened his eyes. And Nico or like the guy started to scream. They're like, what? Allergic to peaches. And then the speakers crackled and there was a sound like intruders remain on the way, security is on the way. So they started running outside and went home and didn't talk for it for a few days. And then Nico wrote to the group, texted the people like 6 p.m. We're meeting, we need to talk about this. So they went to the town hall and brought it up to the mayor. We need to talk about Grayton water facilities. And like the mayor was like Grayton what? Now well, the Grayton water facilities, there's something going on there. There was this thing about where person said, it can't be that we lived here for so many years and the government has been running this. They said that before in the story. Well, OK, so then Nico, the mayor said, oh, no, it's the time of year again. And Nico leaned forward, said, what? This is like these facilities are not actual government owned facilities. This is kind of a student group run acting center. But what? What about the reports? These are props. What about the fish tank man? That's Jeremy. What about the sirens? Whatever. These are actors. So every year, each group makes their own setting. And then. So Nico and Iris and the other person were outside. We're like, oh, my God, I yelled at the fish tank guy, screamed about peaches. Well, she started laughing and. Somebody pulled out a laptop was like, future historians will need to know about this.